it's monthly February 23rd 2015 and
let's talk about what happened this
weekend over at xda-developers dot-com
first up some potentially big news if
you're an iOS user XD a recognized
developer Muhammad Agee figured out a
way to get the iPhone to communicate
with Android where they posted the
YouTube video showering it forwarding
notifications to his Moto 360 from the
video description and his posts on
reddit he says he used the ANC s or the
Apple notification center service which
allows iOS devices to send notifications
to Bluetooth accessories and on reddit
he mentioned he put together an apk on
the watch that uses the Android
Bluetooth le api's to connect to a and C
S on the iPhone although currently it's
only hard coded to work with his
specific iPhone no other specifics about
it have been made available yet but I'm
sure it's just a matter of time before
we know a lot more also since it's just
sending notifications it isn't really a
full replacement for tethering your
watch to an Android device to receive
wear apps Google now updates or even to
interact with your phone's apps but I
guess something is better than nothing
moving right along apparently XD a
four-member DK shell otro managed to
pull a dump of android 5.1 off of an
indonesian android one device and he's
made it publicly available he says it
should work on all of the Android one
devices and he provides some simple
steps for how to flash it on to your
device so if you've got one of those
Android one devices and you're curious
about it check out his thread for all
the detail now we've talked about
exposed making its way to lollipop a
couple of times now and as such we're
gonna start to see more and more modules
getting updated to work with it as of
this weekend XD I recognize developers C
3 C 0 7 6 released an updated version of
gravity box 4 lollipop if you're not
familiar with it gravity box brings C M
PI controls
Quick Settings tile management
navigation bar tweaks LEDs headings and
advanced power menu lockscreen mods just
tons and tons of features onto your
device that runs exposed there are still
some features from the previous version
of gravity box that aren't working yet
and probably will not be working like
lockscreen wallpaper changing some
volume panel control features and so on
and so forth but from the article those
missing features apparently are obsolete
in lollipop so if you haven't tried it
yet and you
been looking at all the exposed lollipop
modules this is definitely one you
should probably take a look at now on to
some unofficial ROM stories xD a senior
member J Betts put out dirty unicorns
and AOSP based lollipop ROM for the
Verizon Galaxy s4
reading through the thread a few people
seem to be having intermittent issues
with it so do make sure you follow the
instructions when you're flashing it to
your device and read through the forum
thread just to sort of keep an eye out
for updates and then just see if other
people are having issues XD right now as
themer staying driver 44 put out a list
of mods for the t-mobile galaxy s5 that
he's put together to remove some common
annoyances on the device as well as
adding in call recording and unlimited
tethering as well as like 600 new founds
he's got a rom including all of these
mods coming out in the next few days as
well so if you've got the t-mobile s5
you may want to take a look at that XD a
senior member GU posted an official port
of fly mo s 4.1.2 R for the Galaxy Note
3 in 900 X there were initially some
problems with it with an incompatible G
apps package causing cloud service
issues but that was very quickly taken
care of and now people are just having
problems with the S Pen functions not
working the external sd card not being
recognized properly and there are
potentially some issues with the dialer
app so do make sure to read through the
thread before you dive into it if that
sounds interesting to you at all
also XDA member Pao wands is put
together a guide for setting up a dual
boot system on the xiaomi redmi 1s so if
you're a flashy holic and you've got
that device you might want to take a
look at that but just keep in mind that
following his guide is going to
completely wipe your device so make sure
you make the appropriate backups
beforehand now moving onto some other
stories I just found interesting and
entertaining this week oneplus posted
about a designer who developed a 3d
printable virtual reality headset for
the oneplus one unfortunately I am sadly
lacking in the 3d printer department for
now but from the article and from the
forum post I don't see any actual
downloadable blueprints for it so I
don't think I'm missing out on anything
quite yet additionally a discussion was
started on the portal this weekend about
whether or not wireless charging matters
to you so if you want to contribute to
that links down below
personally I've used both Qi charging
and PMA charging in the past Qi charging
with a nexus 5 and PMA with the ESU's
pad phone x
and I think it's really convenient but I
don't think it's a make or break feature
for me I will say it's nice to be able
to sit my phone down on a pad and just
have it start charging without having to
hunt for USB cables or try to plug
things in in the dark but like I said it
doesn't really make or break whether or
not I'm gonna buy a device and finally
Mario posted an article to the portal
this weekend that's the first part in a
series talking about the philosophy
behind free software but you know what
that's gonna be about all for me for
today you can find the links to all the
stories I talked about down in the video
description as usual as well as the
links to my YouTube channels remember if
you like this video leave us a like down
below the video please we definitely
appreciate it and subscribe to receive
all of our content as soon as it becomes
available thanks for watching though and
I'll see you next time